# fibonacci
Activity: JavaScript Coding Katas 

Coding Kata: Even Fibonacci  

Here's a potential interview question from Project Euler that will help you learn to break problems down into smaller steps. Ever heard of Fibonacci numbers?

Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:

1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...

By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4 million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

Project Euler No. 2
You read that right: 4 million. You'll want to break this problem down a little, I think.

You must be able to print the answer to the console.

When you've got the solution, push it to a GitHub repo named TIY-Assignments.

Coding Kata: 3s and 5s  

If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.

Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.

Push this solution to TIY-Assignments as well.

Coding Kata: FizzBuzz  

Ah, FizzBuzz. This is one of the most popular interview questions. And surprisingly, most developers fail it. Well, you won't, because you're doing it in Week 3.

"Write a program that prints the numbers from 1 to 100. But for multiples of three print “Fizz” instead of the number and for the multiples of five print “Buzz”. For numbers which are multiples of both three and five print “FizzBuzz”."

Imran Ghory
Your answer should print to the console. Push this solution to TIY-Assignments as well.

Your role as a student

Articulate their ideas as best you can. Try to facilitate effective collaboration with your paired student. Be willing to debate strategies for how best to approach your challenge, but don’t allow endless debate to keep you from making progress. Keep your eye on the clock and try to work yourself through the challenge at a reasonable pace. You and your partner should share the responsibility for authoring ideas and code. Finish your challenge and make certain that you call talk someone through the logic and strategies implemented by your group.
